Are you home too? I'm standing here,
If he doesn't see you, you are the bad case,
What happened to me? What a great case,
If you don't talk to me, why are you still standing here?
There is nothing to gain, just such a bad case,
What are you going to do all day?
He is without reason, you also visit,
Just don't be scolded by him, I'm willing to take care of my suggestions,
Just be sure.
You are beautiful
At that time, you were in Tianqian but the local dealer was
Next you have this score
Take my electricity replenishment
I'm thinking about it
When I get back to Shar, let me cut it off
Then shoot your little dragon
We went over and cut it
What is this?
I used to be a noble lady, he let me go
give me a ride boy
What did you say
You really want to die
Just feel him
I also think he needs to see the form clearly
That is, pretending to lie
You make him walk
If he kills you every now and then, you're afraid, just forget it.
You are afraid that he will accept it from now on.
Wait for my notice
here a few times